thanks to all who watch my videos and
they comment on them thank you for
share it if nobody tells you a look
I think it's very easy to do but
it 's easy, it's something that we all
it takes to happen located that suddenly
you have some commitment in the night you go
coming from work you want to see
gorgeous but does not have a
member to do it is the tutorial
indicated so you know what to do as
a month ago what is very fast without
problems that you are wrong or not
have time to do that
use of Scandinavian partner of
first makeup spray
everything is to do fast then
This is very quick and easy to apply
now I'm going to mix two makeups I'm going
to use one completely mate and mike
leigh de ahuatlán and its in mural or mix
of the two will give me a matte finish
and a little gloss now of concealer
use of more problems in increase
now I will explain from without more eyes
and I'm going to use the marx shadow duo
sanity I'm going to use this first with
a plan brush as if it were the
black
and subtly
I'm going to outline my eyes
it does not have to be perfect the joke is
frame the look very well with this
shadow obviously simulating that it is a
eyeliner
i
just apply it on the mobile eyelid
you can see that right where
come this part I finished applying the
shadow now comes not fun with a
brush to blur one like 217
others I will use the color more
clarito and what I'm going to do
mainly right now is to erase all
the errors right on the edge where
stop applying the dark shadow
I continue applying color where there was
dark color but now I'm starting
with a clearer one and I will give strokes
ascending
from one place to another to start
blur that color and convert this
shadow in a shadow
i
yes
with realizing that you only use only
remember once with this same
can blur come and go to make
a shadow completely blurred
when I get to the top
what you should do is apply a lot
less pressure besides we already have
a little color and that's always going to
help give us a lot of cardio but
when this part arrived it barely touched
and that helps me to blur it
and lose all traces of spots
there
and
Y
now I stay in the front line of
my eyes from below
and here when it reaches the edge of your
eye remember to always go towards your eyebrows
or to be a practically straight line
and immediately connects with what
you had previously done something of the
that I love this look besides
which makes it very fast and easy to do
is that we are not using any
eyeliner and in particular we are
using a black eyeliner that
inhibited when you speak an eyeliner
black that when you practice mascara
always the darkest is going to be the
eyeliner when I in Chinese my
eyelashes and I apply mascara the only black
that we have in our eyes is the eyelashes
which means that they will look much the
eyelashes and they are going to have a very
important in the look yes
make the shadows stop being noticed
and the lashes stop noticing right now
they will see the difference
one eye
with mascara and the other if immediately
they will notice how much more is already seen
marked all he
I think that here you can notice not only
how my eyes opened much more but
as it makes that effect even more smoky the
have the black lashes and the rest of
the shadows in a cafe although it was a
very dark coffee is a coffee is not black
then that is always going to make it
notice the difference and look at everything or
be the mascara the shadow all on your part
now to paint a very fast eyebrow
I'll use a very light shade I
to use which of mac and a brush not so
delgadito that can be used to
blur something what is brush is going
to help is to make a uniform stroke
and finish super fast to paint my
eyebrows the only thing I'm going to do is
fill in the holes
let's say I'm shading a bit my
eyebrows
and since it's so clear, it does not matter that much
how accurate I am
Now suddenly I will use Pixie to
place in touch and my fan brush
make up forever I like it because
it came in super fast
and I'm not going to give a contrast to
rest of my face that is very quality
I'm going to use the 560 de l'oréal between rosa
and with a little purple
here is a smoke is already super easy to
make perfect for when you're at
Careers you want to go out and look gorgeous
I hope it serves them well I'm paid
motion do not forget that you can
subscribe to my channel comment on the
bottom part ask me questions and
I hope to answer in a faster
possible ' where the next and
remember we want you to tell you what
pretty looks and not that one thank you
Y